hi um I'm going to teach you the intro
to Sierra and I alright it just involves
a bunch of borrowing and some hammering
it's pretty simple and easy to do what's
case to it right so the first thing you
need to do is finger you bar the whole
sixth fret and then your little finger
goes on the seventh fret the second to
bottom string so it's this one right
here and then you are your ring finger
goes on the third for the top on the
eighth fret it's right there and then
your pinky goes on the one below it on
the eighth fret right there so it's got
these face shape and you're gonna borrow
this okay now the plucking alright so
the first time around you pluck the
second string and then once you do that
you hammer with after you play the
second to bottom string fifth string you
let go of your middle finger I'm soaping
you guys off but so should be so you
play and then you let go alright and
then after that you are you you play
after you hammer you play the two
strings above it so the third and the
fourth string so after that you
move your ring finger pinky from this to
one string above that's it and then you
play the top five strings just down and
then when you get to the last note you
just like make it stop believe fast I
don't know that's so from the top and
then after that you slide your index
finger from the sixth fret and you leave
your ring and your pinkie on the top
these are the second and third string on
the sixth fret so for six and then you
just play the top four notes and keep
your ring and your pinkie on the same
note on the same two strings and then
you play the top four strings again down
the row but when you come back you play
the third string again and then you play
the
you hammer it and then the third and
fourth Ken or the fourth and third one
did okay that's pretty much the whole
song and then you just go straight back
to put your index and pinky down and
your middle finger down on very first
core be played or yeah then you just go
back so it should sound like this once
you get and then you just practice
answer it and like I'm kind of in a rush
though so that's pretty much how you
play and I by Sierra yeah it's my first
video so don't don't expect much I tried